fix to faq to include test thresholds (#790)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/custom-test-thresholds.md

title: Can I set test failure thresholds?
---

> Yes, as of `v0.20.0`, you can use the `error_if` + `warn_if` configs to set custom failure thresholds in your tests. See [reference](reference/resource-configs/severity) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of `v0.20.0`, you can use the `error_if` and `warn_if` configs to set custom failure thresholds in your tests. For more details, see [reference](reference/resource-configs/severity) for more information.
```

> If you are on an earlier version of dbt consider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For dbt `v0.19.0` and earlier, you could try these possible solutions:
```
